Adding attributes for ELB resource (#623)
inspec/inspec-aws: docs/resources/aws_elb.md

|dns\_name                              | The DNS name of the load balancer. |
|availability\_zones                    | The Availability Zones for the load balancer. |
|instance\_ids                          | An array containing all instance ids associated with the ELB. |
|external\_ports                        | An array of the external ports exposed on the ELB. |
|internal\_ports                        | An array of the internal ports exposed on the ELB. |
|security\_group\_ids                   | The security groups for the load balancer. Valid only for load balancers in a VPC. |
|vpc\_id                                | The ID of the VPC for the load balancer. |
|subnet\_ids                            | The IDs of the subnets for the load balancer. |
|listeners                              | A collection of the listeners for the load balancer. |
|ssl_policies                           | A collection of the SSL Policies configured in-use for the load balancer (and their policy attributes). |
|protocols                              | A list of the protocols configured for the listeners of the load balancer. |

> |cross\_zone\_load\_balancing\_enabled? | The cross zone load balancing status for ELB. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|cross\_zone\_load\_balancing\_enabled? | The cross-zone load balancing status for ELB. |
```

Author: fixed

|access\_log\_enabled?                  | The access log status for ELB. |

## Examples

> ##### Test that cross zone load balancing for ELB is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Test that cross-zone load balancing for ELB is enabled
```

Author: fixed

    describe aws_elb('prod_web_app_elb') do
      it { should be_cross_zone_load_balancing_enabled }
    end

> ##### Test that access log for ELB is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Test that access logs for ELB are enabled
```

Author: fixed
